Hi and welcome! Here's how to go through this document.
You can right click anywhere on the screen to create a comment.
And press checkmark to submit the comment.
Comments automatically save.
And you can edit them.
You can collapse them.
And even delete them if you don't need them anymore.
There will also be these boxes which say
what you said about this topic and quotes you might have mentioned,
to help you return and understand what we talked about in our interview.
Once you are finished, click the review complete in the top bar
to help me understand you have finished reviewing.
If you're confused, press this help button to return to this pop-up.